# Welcome SPCSDataScience


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This repository is a series that will continue to evlove and find ways
to use SPCS to make our lives easier as Data Scientist and Machine
Learning Engineers. In this series we will be growing the snowflake
native capabilities along side of SPCS to create a template to go in any
direction that you are looking to be able to do.

After you set up your work enviornment in snowflake the next steps are
to build out the data science workflow you are going to go with.

1.  Data Ingestion

    - [Data Ingestion Snowpark Great
      Article](https://github.com/Snowflake-Labs/sfguide-data-engineering-with-snowpark-python/tree/main)
      ideally this repo eventually becomes somehting like this that
      allows for you to have all of the data ingestion and ml ops with
      it as well.

2.  Feature Store & Data Preprocessing

    - Yes, snowflake is coming out with a feature store that is in PrPr,
      but coming soon we will go over what this might look like and how
      you can work through a probject with a feature store.
      - Offline and batch feature stores will be
    - Data drift is part of both of these wanting to make sure that our
      data has not drifted to much because if it has then it might be
      time to retrain your model as your model’s enviornment has changed
      and you will not be getting the most out of your model’s
      prediction.

3.  Model Training and Model Registering

    - The goal here is to show the power of SPCS, Snowflake ML and
      Snowflake Cortext. As this is a work in progress this will take
      time to show all of these together, but the goal is to show how
      they can all work together as one.

4.  Model Inference

    - Showing the options for model inference in snowflake.

[Github Page](https://sfc-gh-jdemlow.github.io) – Currently not working
yet
